[EDU-6112] AI documentation update - 2025-01-24 - queries (#1466)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/api-graphql/queries/queries.mdx

- A time range interval for all datasets, using either **tsRange** or **tsGt** + **tsLt**.
- Which consulted data should be exhibited. On the presented example, the **ts**, **remoteAddress**, **requestUri**, and **stacktrace** fields were used.

> For example, to perform a **LIKE** query using regex, make use of the `Like` or `Ilike` operators to filter entries that match a certain pattern. Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to perform a **NOT LIKE** query, use the `not` operator with the `LIKE` or `ILIKE` operators to filter out entries that match a certain text. Here's an example:
```

```graphql
query HttpQuery {
  httpEvents(
    limit: 10,
    filter: {
      tsRange: {begin:"2023-02-14T10:10:10", end:"2023-02-15T10:10:10"},

>       requestUriLike: "%/verify%"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      not: {
      requestUriLike: "%/verify%"
      }
```

| Eq | upstreamCacheStatusEq: "HIT" | Searches everything that matches exactly the `HIT` value in the upstreamCacheStatus field. |
| Ne | geolocCountryNameNe: "Brazil" | Searches everything that isn't `Brazil` in the geolocCountryName field. |
| Like | hostLike: "%mysite.com%" | Searches everything for hosts with the particular `mysite.com` pattern and is *case-sensitive.* |

> | Ilike | hostIlike: "%mysite.com%" | Searches everything for hosts with the particular `mysite.com` pattern and is *case-insensitive*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ilike | hostIlike: "%mysite.com%" | Searches everything for hosts with the particular `mysite.com` pattern and is *case-insensitive*. |
```

<div class="cms-embed">
  <iframe width="600" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OGam-xrzuBA?si=cg-SIvWH8OedkrtY" loading="lazy" title="Operators in GraphQL for Real Time Event Queries" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> 
> ### Enabling Debug Rules
> 
> To enable Debug Rules in the Edge Application and Edge Firewall, follow these instructions:
> 
> 1. **Access the Azion Portal**: Log in to your Azion account and navigate to the Edge Application or Edge Firewall section.
> 
> 2. **Enable Debug Mode**: Locate the debug settings and toggle the option to enable debug mode. This will allow detailed logging of requests and rules matched.
> 
> 3. **Configure Traceback Filters**: Utilize traceback filters to view logs of requests that match specific rules. This helps in analyzing the requests processed by your application and identifying patterns or issues.
> 
> [TECHWRITER TODO: INSERT INFORMATION ABOUT HOW TO CONFIGURE TRACEBACK FILTERS IF NEEDED]
> 
> 4. **Save and Monitor**: Save your settings and monitor the logs to ensure that the debug rules are capturing the necessary information. Adjust the filters as needed to refine the data being traced.
> 
> These steps will help you monitor and troubleshoot the rules configured in your rate limits and provide insights into the traffic managed by your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
